feat: implement auditlog ng client (#41)
SAP/cloud-sdk-python: src/sap_cloud_sdk/core/auditlog_ng/user-guide.md

# Using the `auditlog_ng` Client in an Agent

> This guide explains how to integrate the SAP Audit Log NG OTLP client [`client.py`](client.py) into a Python-based agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 This module provides an OTLP/gRPC client for sending structured audit log events
 to the SAP Audit Log Service (v3/NG). It supports mTLS, insecure mode for local
 testing, and both binary protobuf and JSON serialization formats.
```

# Using the `auditlog_ng` Client in an Agent

This guide explains how to integrate the SAP Audit Log OTLP client [`audit_client.py`](audit_client.py) into a Python-based agent.

---

## Overview

The [`audit_client.py`](audit_client.py) client sends audit log events as OpenTelemetry (OTLP) LogRecords over gRPC to the SAP Audit Log Service. It supports:

- **mTLS** (mutual TLS with client certificates)
- **Insecure** mode (local testing / no-auth)
- **Binary protobuf** and **JSON** serialization formats

---

## Prerequisites

### 1. Required Dependencies

Contents of [`requirements-client.txt`](requirements-client.txt):

```
grpcio>=1.60.0
protobuf>=4.25.0
protovalidate>=0.13.0
opentelemetry-api>=1.28.0
opentelemetry-sdk>=1.28.0
opentelemetry-exporter-otlp-proto-grpc>=1.28.0

> ```

Reviewer: After we remove requirements-client.txt we should update this guide.
